Create README.md (#27)
googleinterns/step240-2020: README.md

# LLVM Build Dashboard

## Project Description

> A lightweight dashboard designed to display the build status of LLVM Build Bots in an easily interpretable fashion via a User Interface.

Reviewer: nit: This is personal preference, but I like [line wrapping documentation](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2016/10/11/wrapping-text/) (consider 80 character line wraps).

Author: Lines wrapper here 284f850

Reviewer: ditto

`A lightweight dashboard designed to display the build status of LLVM Build Bots in an easily interpretable` has 107 characters, which does not adhere to any line wrap convention

Author: Updated here a3cd071

## Repository Structure

## Wiki
[The wiki](https://github.com/googleinterns/step240-2020/wiki) describes the purpose of different parts of the system.

## Contributions

> The whole of the Graph Geckos Team.

Reviewer: nit: list out the members of the team

Author: Names listed 7f97e4b

# LLVM Build Dashboard

## Project Description
A lightweight dashboard designed to display the build status of LLVM Build Bots 
in an easily interpretable fashion via a User Interface.

## Wiki
[The wiki](https://github.com/googleinterns/step240-2020/wiki) describes the purpose of different parts of the
system.

## Contributions
**The Graph Geckos Team**.

> Meike Baumgärtner

Reviewer 2: I suggest alphabetical order here for names.

Krasimir Georgiev
Samuel Sogbesan
Bogdan Ciobanu
Masha Samsikova

## Licensing

> Licensed under Apache 2.0, inline with the licensing of the [LLVM Project](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Licensed under Apache 2.0, in line with the licensing of the [LLVM Project](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project).
```
